.TH kubetail 1 "22 Feb 2017" "Version @@VERSION@@"
.SH NAME
kubetail \- tail multiple kubernetes pod logs at the same time
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kubetail
.B [
.I options
.B ] [
.I PATTERN
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Select all pods with names matching
.IR PATTERN ,
or those matching the given
options, and follow the logs for those pods.  Unless
.B -T
is used, the output
tail logs are managed by
.BR multitail (1)
(if it is available).  With
.BR -T ,
a simple bash function is used to process each line of output.
.PP
By default and if available,
.B multitail
is used, along with a configuration
file that contains a color scheme.  The color scheme used for each pod log is
the base pod name.  For example, if the pod name is
.BR "princess-3127303711-tzk06" ,
then the pod base name and color scheme is
.BR 'princess' .
The color scheme is
used
.I only
if it is defined as a
.I 'colorscheme'
in the multitail configuration file.
.PP
The search path for the
.I kube-multitail.conf
file is a list of
directories:
.IR '.' ,
.IR '$HOME' ,
.IR '$HOME/etc' ,
and
.IR '/usr/local/etc' .
The configuration filename may optionally be prefixed with a period
.IR '.' .

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 2.5i
.BR -h ", " --help
Show this help text
.TP
.BR -c ", " "--container \fINAME\fR"
The container name (if multiple containers are defined). Default is none
.TP
.BR -t ", " "--context \fINAME\fR"
The kubernetes context name. Eg:
.IR int1-context .
Relies on
.I ~/.kube/config
for the contexts.
.TP
.BR -l ", " "--selector \fINAME\fR"
Label selector. If used the pod name is ignored.
.TP
.BR -n ", " "--namespace \fINAME\fR"
The Kubernetes namespace where the pods are located (defaults to
.IR default )
.TP
.BR -s ", " "--since \fIWHEN\fR"
Only return logs newer than a relative duration like
.BR 5s , 2m ,
or
.BR 3h .
Defaults to
BR 10s .
.TP
.BR -b ", " --line-buffered
Boolean indicating output should be line-buffered.
.TP
.BR -k ", " "--colored-output \fIHOW\fR"
Use colored output:
.BR pod ", " line ", "
or
.BR false .
.TP
.BR -C ", " "--colorscheme \fINAME\fR"
use multitail colorschame NAME
.TP
.BR -G ", " --no-configfile
do not load multitail config file
.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
show the commands
.TP
.BR -N ", " --norun
don't execute the commands, but show them
.TP
.BR -T ", " --not-multitail
do not use
.BR multitail.
.PP
When using
.BR -k " (or " --colored-output ),
the values have these meanings:
.RS
.IP \fBpod\fR
only color podname
.IP \fBline\fR
color entire line
.IP \fBfalse\fR
don't use any colors.
.RE
.PP
The default is
.BR pod .

.SH EXAMPLES

.FT CW
kubetail my-pod-v1
.br
kubetail my-pod-v1 -c my-container
.br
kubetail my-pod-v1 -t int1-context -c my-container
.br
kubetail -l service=my-service
.br
kubetail --selector service=my-service --since 10m
.FT R

.SH AUTHOR

.BR "Johan Haleby" "\- original bash script"
.br
.BI "Alan Stebbens" " <aks@stebbens.org>"
\- enhanced bash script with mulitail integration.

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR mulitail (1)
